feat(service-desk): UI for companies and procurers (#11549)
island-is/island.is: libs/clients/rsk/relationships/README.md

> <!-- gitbook-navigation: "Procuring" -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- gitbook-navigation: "Relationships" -->
```

# RSK Relationships (Prókúra) Client

This library was generated with [Nx](https://nx.dev).

## Methods access

> Following table describes methods and what scopes are needed to access them.
> The machine clients that will be accessing these methods should have the following
> scopes in their access token or token exchange: `@rsk.is/prokura`, `@rsk.is/prokura:admin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following table describes methods and which scopes are needed to access them, e.g. by the IDS machine client configured in the service using this client.
```

| Method                          | Scope                                                                       | Description                                                                                                                                  |
| ------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `getLegalEntityRelationships()` | `@rsk.is/prokura`, `@rsk.is/prokura:admin`, `@admin.island.is/service-desk` | Gets legal entity for and individual relationships, e.g. companies. The data is sensitive and should only be accessed by service desk admins |
> | `getIndividualRelationships()`  | `@identityserver.api/authentication`, `@island.is/auth/actor-delegations`   | Gets individual and his relationships                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `getLegalEntityRelationships()` | `@rsk.is/prokura:admin` | Returns relationships for individuals related to a specific legal entity. The data is sensitive and should only be accessible to Ísland.is service desk admins |
| `getIndividualRelationships()`  | `@rsk.is/prokura` | Returns relationships for companies related to a specific individual                                                                                                        |
```
